Adding content for the new flexible consent option (#2167)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/request-user-consent/require-consent/index.md

> 1. In the Admin Console, go to **Applications** > **Applications**.

Reviewer: After this step, it should be:
Click **Create App Integration**

> 1. Select the OpenID Connect app that you want to require user consent for.

Reviewer: From Ian's doc of the new App Wizard, replace this step with these two steps:
1. On the Create a new app integration page, select **OpenID Connect** in the **Sign-in method** section.
2. Choose either **Web Application** or **Single-Page Application** as the **Application type** for your integration.

> 1. On the **General** tab, click **Edit**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the **General** tab, in the **General Settings** section, click **Edit**.
```

1. On the **Authorization Servers** tab, select **default** (Custom Authorization Server) in the table. In this example, we are enabling consent for default Custom Authorization Server scopes.
1. Select the **Scopes** tab.
1. Click the edit icon for the **phone** scope. The Edit Scope dialog box appears.

1. Select **Require user consent for this scope**. The **Block services from requesting this scope** check box is automatically selected.

>     The **Block services from requesting this scope** check box strictly enforces end user consent for the scope. With this check box selected, the authorization server returns an error when this scope is requested while using the [Client Credentials](/docs/guides/implement-client-creds/overview/) grant flow. This is because there is no user involved in a 2-legged OAuth Client Credentials grant flow. If you want to allow service-to-service interactions to request this scope, clear the check box. See the [Authorization Servers API](/docs/reference/api/authorization-servers/#scope-properties) for more information on consent options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The **Block services from requesting this scope** check box strictly enforces end-user consent for the scope. When this check box is selected, the authorization server returns an error when this scope is requested and while it is using the [Client Credentials](/docs/guides/implement-client-creds/overview/) grant flow. The error occurs because there is no user involved in a two-legged OAuth Client Credentials grant flow. If you want to allow service-to-service interactions to request this scope, clear the check box. See the [Authorization Servers API](/docs/reference/api/authorization-servers/#scope-properties) for more information on consent options.
```

1. Click the edit icon for the **phone** scope. The Edit Scope dialog box appears.

1. Select **Require user consent for this scope**. The **Block services from requesting this scope** check box is automatically selected.

    The **Block services from requesting this scope** check box strictly enforces end user consent for the scope. With this check box selected, the authorization server returns an error when this scope is requested while using the [Client Credentials](/docs/guides/implement-client-creds/overview/) grant flow. This is because there is no user involved in a 2-legged OAuth Client Credentials grant flow. If you want to allow service-to-service interactions to request this scope, clear the check box. See the Authorization Servers API (/docs/reference/api/authorization-servers/#scope-properties) for more information on consent options.

> 

Reviewer 2: Authorization Servers API does not render as a hyperlink
